AI #1844: Relocate and rephrase the presence rules of FOCUS datasets to be attached to the dataset level (#1865)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/contract_commitment/dataset.md

  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentDescription](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentdescription).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentId](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentid).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentPeriodEnd](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentperiodend).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentPeriodStart](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentperiodstart).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentQuantity](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentquantity).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentType](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmenttype).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentUnit](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentunit).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractId](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractid).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractPeriodEnd](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractperiodend).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractPeriodStart](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractperiodstart).

> * ContractCommitment MUST be present when the service provider supports *contract commitments*.

Reviewer: reordering suggestion:

1. Dataset Presence
2. Column Presence in a Dataset
3. ...

```suggestion
* ContractCommitment MUST be present when the service provider supports *contract commitments*.
* The presence of columns in ContractCommitment MUST adhere to the following requirements:
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [BillingCurrency](#datasets.contractcommitment.billingcurrency).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentCategory](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentcategory).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentCost](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentcost).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentDescription](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentdescription).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentId](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentid).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentPeriodEnd](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentperiodend).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentPeriodStart](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentperiodstart).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentQuantity](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentquantity).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentType](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmenttype).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractCommitmentUnit](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractcommitmentunit).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractId](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractid).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractPeriodEnd](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractperiodend).
  * ContractCommitment MUST include [ContractPeriodStart](#datasets.contractcommitment.contractperiodstart).
```

Reviewer 2: Agree!

ContractCommitment adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractCommitment MUST be present when the service provider supports *contract commitments*.

> * The presence of columns in ContractCommitment MUST adhere to the following requirements:

Reviewer 2: Should we start this statement with the name of the dataset?  Or is this worse from a requirements model perspective?

Feel free to close without resolving.  But I like the uniformity it would provide alongside the other requirements.

```suggestion
* ContractCommitment column presence MUST adhere to the following requirements:
```

It would also follow the pattern we've established for other rule types, such as:

> * CapacityReservationStatus nullability is defined as follows:
